[DOCS] KSPM docs reorg (#2539)
elastic/security-docs: docs/cloud-native-security/get-started-with-kspm.asciidoc

NOTE: IAM users with multi-factor authentication (MFA) enabled need to submit an MFA code when calling `GetSessionToken`. For more details refer to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp.html[AWS Temporary Security Credentials].

You can use the AWS CLI to generate temporary credentials. For example, you could use the following command if you have MFA enabled: `sts get-session-token --serial-number arn:aws:iam::1234:mfa/your-email@example.com --duration-seconds 129600 --token-code 123456`

The output from this command should include the following fields, which you should supply to the KSPM integration:

`Access key ID`: The first part of the access key.
`Secret Access Key`: The second part of the access key.
`Session Token`: A token required when using temporary security credentials.

Because temporary security credentials are short term, once they expire you will need to generate new ones and manually update the integration's configuration to continue collecting cloud posture data. Update the credentials before they expire to avoid data loss.

[discrete]
[[kspm-use-a-shared-credentials-file]]
===== Option 3 - Use a shared credentials file:

> If you use different AWS credentials for different tools or applications, you can use profiles to define multiple access keys in the same configuration file. For more details refer to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkref/latest/guide/file-format.html#file-format-creds[Create Shared Credentials File]

Reviewer: Linking to the top-level page (instead of a subheading) might help if the 3rd party page gets restructured or moved, and we should give some guidance to help the reader find the docs if the link breaks. Also make it clearer that this links to AWS docs.
```suggestion
If you use different AWS credentials for different tools or applications, you can use profiles to define multiple access keys in the same configuration file. For more details, refer to the AWS documentation on https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkref/latest/guide/file-format.html[shared credentials files].
```
IMO we could probably omit the link and just describe the AWS docs that the user should consult, but there might be a stronger need for this that I'm not aware of.

Instead of providing the `Access key ID` and `Secret Access Key` to the integration, you will provide the information required to locate the access keys within the shared credentials file:

> `Credential Profile Name`: The profile name in the shared credentials file.
> `Shared Credential File`: The directory of the shared credentials file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Credential Profile Name`: The profile name in the shared credentials file.
* `Shared Credential File`: The directory of the shared credentials file.
```

If you don't provide values for all configuration fields, the integration will use these defaults:

> - If none of `Access key ID`, `Secret Access Key` and `ARN Role` are provided, then the integration will check for `Credential Profile Name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `Access key ID`, `Secret Access Key`, or `ARN Role` are not provided, then the integration will check for `Credential Profile Name`.
```

- If there is no `Credential Profile Name`, the default profile will be used.
- If `Shared Credential File` is empty, the default directory will be used.
  - For Linux or Unix, the shared credentials file is located at `~/.aws/credentials`.

> IMPORTANT: If you choose this option, make sure the associated role has the permissions listed above.

Reviewer: Not sure why this needs repeating especially for this option. If we already said that certain permissions are required, that should be enough.

[discrete]
[[kspm-use-iam-arn]]
===== Option 4 - Use an IAM role Amazon Resource Name (ARN):

> An IAM role ARN is an IAM identity that you can create in your AWS account. You define the role's permissions.

Reviewer: I think it helps to spell out the acronym in body text too. I don't think we typically do that only in section headings
```suggestion
An IAM role Amazon Resource Name (ARN) is an IAM identity that you can create in your AWS account. You define the role's permissions.
```

Also, as a whole this paragraph is pretty long -- consider breaking it up somehow.

Roles do not have standard long-term credentials such as passwords or access keys.
Instead, when you assume a role it provides you with temporary security credentials for your session.
An IAM role's ARN can be used to specify which AWS IAM role to use to generate temporary credentials.

> For more details see the https://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/API_AssumeRole.html[AssumeRole API documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details refer to Amazon's https://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/API_AssumeRole.html[AssumeRole API documentation].
```

Follow Amazon's instructions to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_users_create.html[create an IAM user], and define its permissions using the JSON permissions policy above.
To use an IAM role's ARN, you need to provide either a <<kspm-use-a-shared-credentials-file,credential profile>> or <<kspm-use-keys-directly,access keys>> along with the `ARN role`.
The `ARN Role` value specifies which AWS IAM role to use for generating temporary credentials.

NOTE: If `ARN Role` is present, the integration will check if `Access key ID` and `Secret Access Key` are present.
If not, the package will check for a `Credential Profile Name`.
If a `Credential Profile Name` is not present, the default credential profile will be used.

[[kspm-setup-eks-step-3]]
[discrete]
==== Finish configuring the KSPM integration for EKS
Once you've provided AWS credentials, finish configuring the KSPM integration:

1. If you want to monitor Kubernetes clusters that aren’t yet enrolled in fleet, select *New Hosts* under “where to add this integration”.

> 2. Name the {agent} policy. Use a name that matches the purpose or team of the cluster(s) you want to monitor, for example, `IT-dev-k8s-clusters`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Name the {agent} policy. Use a name that matches the purpose or team of the cluster(s) you want to monitor; for example, `IT-dev-k8s-clusters`.
```

3. Click *Save and continue*, then *Add agent to your hosts*. The *Add agent* wizard appears and provides a DaemonSet manifest `.yaml` file with pre-populated configuration information, such as the `Fleet ID` and `Fleet URL`.

[[kspm-setup-eks-step-4]]
[discrete]
==== Modify and deploy the DaemonSet to your clusters
The *Add agent* wizard helps you deploy a DaemonSet on the Kubernetes clusters you wish to monitor. To do this, for each cluster:

1. Download the manifest and make any necessary revisions to its configuration to suit the needs of your environment.
2. Apply the manifest using the `kubectl apply -f` command. For example: `kubectl apply -f elastic-agent-managed-kubernetes.yaml`

After a few minutes, a message confirming the {agent} enrollment appears, followed by a message confirming that data is incoming. You can then click *View assets* to see where the newly-collected configuration information appears throughout {kib}, including the <<findings-page,Findings page>> and the <<cloud-posture-dashboard, Cloud Posture dashboard>>.

[discrete]
[[kspm-setup-unmanaged]]
=== Set up KSPM for unmanaged Kubernetes clusters

> To install the integration:

Reviewer: It might help to provide a little more context, mostly to reiterate that the reader (probably?) doesn't need to do this if they're using EKS-managed clusters

1. Go to *Dashboards -> Cloud Posture*.
2. Click *Add a KSPM integration*.

> 3. Read the integration's readme to understand how it works. Then, click *Add Kubernetes Security Posture Management*.

Reviewer: Again, is there an actual readme file? This is probably referring to the on-screen/in-app UI copy?

                "elasticloadbalancing:DescribeTags",
                "ecr-public:DescribeRegistries",
                "ecr:DescribeRegistry",
                "elasticloadbalancing:DescribeLoadBalancerPolicyTypes",
                "ecr:ListImages",
                "ecr-public:GetRepositoryPolicy",
                "elasticloadbalancing:DescribeLoadBalancerAttributes",
                "elasticloadbalancing:DescribeLoadBalancers",
                "ecr-public:DescribeRepositories",
                "eks:DescribeNodegroup",
                "ecr:DescribeImages",
                "elasticloadbalancing:DescribeLoadBalancerPolicies",
                "ecr:DescribeRepositories",
                "eks:DescribeCluster",
                "eks:ListClusters",
                "elasticloadbalancing:DescribeInstanceHealth",
                "ecr:GetRepositoryPolicy"
            ],
            "Resource": "*"
        }
    ]
}
```

[discrete]
[[kspm-use-keys-directly]]
===== Option 1 - Use access keys directly
Access keys are long-term credentials for an IAM user or the AWS account root user. To use access keys as credentials, you need to provide the `Access key ID` and the `Secret Access Key`.

> For more details refer to AWS's documentation for https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-sec-cred-types.html[Access Keys and Secret Access Keys].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more details, refer to AWS's documentation for https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-sec-cred-types.html[Accessing Keys and Secret Access Keys].
```

IMPORTANT: You must select "Programmatic access" when creating the IAM user.

[discrete]
[[kspm-use-temp-credentials]]
===== Option 2 - Use temporary security credentials

> Temporary security credentials can be configured in AWS to last for a specified period of time. They consist of an access key ID, a secret access key, and a security token, which is typically found using `GetSessionToken`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure temporary security credentials in AWS to last for a specified time period. They consist of an access key ID, a secret access key, and a security token, which is typically found using `GetSessionToken`.
```

> Because temporary security credentials are short term, once they expire you will need to generate new ones and manually update the integration's configuration to continue collecting cloud posture data. Update the credentials before they expire to avoid data loss.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because temporary security credentials are short term, once they expire, you will need to generate new ones and manually update the integration's configuration to continue collecting cloud posture data. Update the credentials before they expire to avoid data loss.
```

> NOTE: IAM users with multi-factor authentication (MFA) enabled need to submit an MFA code when calling `GetSessionToken`. For more details refer to AWS's documentation for https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp.html[Temporary Security Credentials].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: IAM users with enabled multi-factor authentication (MFA) need to submit an MFA code when calling `GetSessionToken`. For more details, refer to AWS's documentation for https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp.html[Temporary Security Credentials].
```

> You can use the AWS CLI to generate temporary credentials. For example, you could use the following command if you have MFA enabled: `sts get-session-token --serial-number arn:aws:iam::1234:mfa/your-email@example.com --duration-seconds 129600 --token-code 123456`

Reviewer 2: Same comment about wrapping this in a console block. At the very least, it should prob be on a new line.

> The output from this command includes the following fields, which you should supply to the KSPM integration:

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if "supply to the..." is the correct choice here (thinking of non-native speakers). Can we say "provide in the KSPM integration"? assuming this info has to be included in the KSPM config.

* `Access key ID`: The first part of the access key.
* `Secret Access Key`: The second part of the access key.
* `Session Token`: A token required when using temporary security credentials.

[discrete]
[[kspm-use-a-shared-credentials-file]]
===== Option 3 - Use a shared credentials file

> If you use different AWS credentials for different tools or applications, you can use profiles to define multiple access keys in the same configuration file. For more details refer to AWS's documentation for https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkref/latest/guide/file-format.html[Shared Credentials Files]

Reviewer 2: In general, I think we should format the AWS doc references as: 

`For more details, refer to AWS' https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkref/latest/guide/file-format.html[Shared Credentials Files] documentation`. 

```suggestion
If you use different AWS credentials for different tools or applications, you can use profiles to define multiple access keys in the same configuration file. For more details, refer to AWS' https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkref/latest/guide/file-format.html[Shared Credentials Files] documentation.
```

Instead of providing the `Access key ID` and `Secret Access Key` to the integration, provide the information required to locate the access keys within the shared credentials file:

* `Credential Profile Name`: The profile name in the shared credentials file.
* `Shared Credential File`: The directory of the shared credentials file.

If you don't provide values for all configuration fields, the integration will use these defaults:

- If `Access key ID`, `Secret Access Key`, and `ARN Role` are not provided, then the integration will check for `Credential Profile Name`.
- If there is no `Credential Profile Name`, the default profile will be used.
- If `Shared Credential File` is empty, the default directory will be used.
  - For Linux or Unix, the shared credentials file is located at `~/.aws/credentials`.

[discrete]
[[kspm-use-iam-arn]]
===== Option 4 - Use an IAM role Amazon Resource Name (ARN)
An IAM role Amazon Resource Name (ARN) is an IAM identity that you can create in your AWS account. You define the role's permissions.
Roles do not have standard long-term credentials such as passwords or access keys.

> Instead, when you assume a role it provides you with temporary security credentials for your session.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Instead, when you assume a role, it provides you with temporary security credentials for your session.
```

An IAM role's ARN can be used to specify which AWS IAM role to use to generate temporary credentials.

> For more details refer to AWS's https://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/API_AssumeRole.html[AssumeRole API documentation].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more details, refer to AWS' https://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/API_AssumeRole.html[AssumeRole API documentation].
```

> Follow AWS's instructions to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_users_create.html[create an IAM user], and define its permissions using the JSON permissions policy above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow AWS' instructions to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_users_create.html[create an IAM user], and define their permissions using the JSON permissions policy above.
```

To use an IAM role's ARN, you need to provide either a <<kspm-use-a-shared-credentials-file,credential profile>> or <<kspm-use-keys-directly,access keys>> along with the `ARN role`.
The `ARN Role` value specifies which AWS IAM role to use for generating temporary credentials.

NOTE: If `ARN Role` is present, the integration will check if `Access key ID` and `Secret Access Key` are present.
If not, the package will check for a `Credential Profile Name`.
If a `Credential Profile Name` is not present, the default credential profile will be used.

[[kspm-setup-eks-finish]]
[discrete]
==== Finish configuring the KSPM integration for EKS
Once you've provided AWS credentials, finish configuring the KSPM integration:

1. If you want to monitor Kubernetes clusters that aren’t yet enrolled in {fleet}, select *New Hosts* under “where to add this integration”.

> 2. Name the {agent} policy. Use a name that matches the purpose or team of the cluster(s) you want to monitor; for example, `IT-dev-k8s-clusters`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Name the {agent} policy. Use a name that matches the purpose or team of the cluster(s) you want to monitor. For example, `IT-dev-k8s-clusters`.
```

3. Click *Save and continue*, then *Add agent to your hosts*. The *Add agent* wizard appears and provides a DaemonSet manifest `.yaml` file with pre-populated configuration information, such as the `Fleet ID` and `Fleet URL`.

[[kspm-setup-eks-modify-deploy]]
[discrete]

> ==== Modify and deploy the DaemonSet to your clusters

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
==== Deploy the KSPM integration to your clusters
```

> The *Add agent* wizard helps you deploy a DaemonSet on the Kubernetes clusters you wish to monitor. For each cluster:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The *Add agent* wizard helps you deploy the KSPM integration on the Kubernetes clusters you wish to monitor. For each cluster:
```

[discrete]
[[kspm-setup-unmanaged]]
=== Set up KSPM for unmanaged Kubernetes clusters

[discrete]
==== Configure the KSPM integration
To install the integration on unmanaged clusters:

1. Go to *Dashboards -> Cloud Posture*.
2. Click *Add a KSPM integration*.
3. Read the integration's description to understand how it works. Then, click *Add Kubernetes Security Posture Management*.
4. Name your integration. Use a name that matches the purpose or team of the cluster(s) you want to monitor, for example, `IT-dev-k8s-clusters`.
5. Select *Unmanaged Kubernetes* from the *Kubernetes Deployment* menu.
6. If you want to monitor Kubernetes clusters that aren’t yet enrolled in {fleet}, select *New Hosts* when choosing the {agent} policy.
7. Select the {agent} policy where you want to add the integration.
8. Click *Save and continue*, then *Add agent to your hosts*. The *Add agent* wizard appears and provides a DaemonSet manifest `.yaml` file with pre-populated configuration information, such as the `Fleet ID` and `Fleet URL`.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/kspm-add-agent-wizard.png[The KSPM integration's Add agent wizard]

[[kspm-setup-unmanaged-modify-deploy]]
[discrete]

> ==== Modify and deploy the DaemonSet to unmanaged clusters

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
==== Deploy the KSPM integration to unmanaged clusters
```

> The *Add agent* wizard helps you deploy a DaemonSet on the Kubernetes clusters you wish to monitor. To do this, for each cluster:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The *Add agent* wizard helps you deploy the KSPM integration on the Kubernetes clusters you wish to monitor. To do this, for each cluster:
```
